#### Primary Idea: Textbook Price Comparisons and Predictions

The goal of this project is to be able to compare textbook prices against 2 things: different competitor’s prices and the change of price over time. The (two) APIs that we would use are Amazon and another similar API for another vendor, like Chegg. The user would log in with a social media account like Facebook and data like their name would be stored in a database. Once logged in, the user can provide our app with an Amazon URL of the textbook they desire and we will grab the name of that book and search for the same book on Chegg and then grab both of their prices with their respective APIs. For Amazon, their API provides data about the price of the book over time. With that data, we can predicts when it would be a good time to buy the item.
Essentially our output, given an Amazon URL, would be: Amazon price, competitor(s) price, history of the price on Amazon, and lastly, the best time to buy the book on Amazon.

#### Secondary Idea: Using Facial Recognition to Recommend Glasses

The goal of this app is to grab information about a person using a picture that they upload, and using that data to find a suitable pair of glasses on Amazon. The two APIs we will use are Microsoft Azure’s facial recognition API and Amazon’s API. Microsoft’s API allows users to upload an image of somebody and the API outputs many different observations that it gets from the photo, like gender, age range, wears glasses or not, face dimensions, etc. To match the data received from the photo with a suitable pair of glasses, we will use a machine learning algorithm on a dataset of around 20,000 photos that will match features with types of glasses. With that information, we can use the information gathered from the photo and check it against the large dataset from the machine learning algorithm, and return a pair of glasses on Amazon that the user would likely wear based on their face.
